[docs] Update Hasura steps to include new ysql_suppress_unsupported_error flag (#3764)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/latest/develop/graphql/hasura.md

showAsideToc: true
---

Use the [Hasura GraphQL Engine](https://hasura.io) with YugabyteDB to use GraphQL with your YugabyteDB databases and applications.

Follow the steps below to learn how easily you can begin using the Hasura GraphQL Engine with YugabyteDB. For details on using the Hasura GraphQL engine, see the [Hasura GraphQL engine documentation](https://docs.hasura.io).

## Before you begin

### Install and start YugabyteDB

> To use the Hasura GraphQL Engine with YugabyteDB, you need to set the `yb-tserver` option `--ysql_suppress_unsupported_error` to `true` so that errors on the use of unsupported SQL statements and return only warnings instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the Hasura GraphQL Engine with YugabyteDB, you need to set the `yb-tserver` option `--ysql_suppress_unsupported_error` to `true` so that errors on the use of unsupported SQL statements are suppressed and only raise warnings instead.
```

If you're using `yb-ctl` to start your cluster, you can add the option like this:

```sh
$ ./bin/yb-ctl start --tserver_flags "ysql_suppress_unsupported_error=true"
```

> If you are new to YugabyteDB, you can be up and running with YugabyteDB in under five minutes by following the steps in [Quick start](https://docs.yugabyte.com/latest/quick-start/).

Reviewer: This is tricky - ideally, quick start should come before the statement above which talks about passing the gflag in yb-ctl.

Author: I thought about that -- I'll move it.

```sh
docker run -d -p 8080:8080 \
       -e HASURA_GRAPHQL_DATABASE_URL=postgres://postgres:@host.docker.internal:5433/yugabyte \
       -e HASURA_GRAPHQL_ENABLE_CONSOLE=true \
       hasura/graphql-engine:v1.1.0
```

{{< note title="Note" >}}

For the `hasura/graphql-engine` value, make sure that the version matches the Hasura GraphQL Engine version that you are using.

{{< /note >}}

> After downloading or editing the `docker-run.sh` file, you need to make the file executable. Run the following `chmod` command:

Reviewer: This feels out of place - it's not clear where the docker-run.sh file is coming from. Will be good to add more context like:
Make the `docker-run.sh` file downloaded from "Hasura Quick Start with Docker guide" executable by running the following `chmod` command.

Author: Good point — I have a major rewrite planned in the next few weeks, so I didn't get too picky with this update. I plan to do the tutorial from end to end, rather than send the user elsewhere as this does (most of this was written before me).

Author: Fixed and made the context clearer.

```sh
$ chmod +x docker-run.sh
```

When this script runs, the Hasura GraphQL Engine starts in the Docker container and returns the unique container ID.

```
$ hasura-yb ./docker-run.sh
8afee92b0e2535baf3fdb1308f78f008b3e3c950d4f560a58449b4ef7e23652a
```

To start the Hasura GraphQL Engine, run the following script:

```sh
$ ./docker-run.sh
```

{{< note title="Note" >}}

> The initialization step may take a moment or more.

Reviewer: moment and minute are very different. Not sure which one is more appropriate to use here. If initialization does take minutes, then we should say `minute` here instead of `moment`.

Author: Yeah, I've run this a bunch of times and never had to wait a minute for more. I'll change it to a few seconds, but how long is a moment? ;-)

./bin/ysqlsh
```

1. Copy the YSQL statements below into the shell and press **Enter**.

> ```postgresql

Reviewer: Will be good to check with @m-iancu whether it's okay to remove this statement.

Reviewer 2: Yes, this can be removed now (it's an artifact from before we supported FK checks in `REPEATABLE READ` isolation).
